c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\MvcApp_SignalR.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\MvcApp_SignalR.pdb
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\obj\Debug\MvcApp_SignalR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\obj\Debug\MvcApp_SignalR.dll
c:\users\fhcoulibaly\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\obj\Debug\MvcApp_SignalR.pdb
C:\Users\FHCOULIBALY\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
C:\Users\FHCOULIBALY\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
C:\Users\FHCOULIBALY\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\FHCOULIBALY\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\FHCOULIBALY\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\FHCOULIBALY\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\FHCOULIBALY\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\FHCOULIBALY\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp_SignalR\MvcApp_SignalR\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
